
CyberPatriot Windows 10 Training Image Answer Key Welcome to the CyberPatriot Training Round! This imagewill provide youwithinformationon howtosolvecommonvulnerabilitiesonaWindows 10 operatingsystem. Indoingso,itwill helpyouonyourway asyoubuildyour cybersecurity skills.The vulnerabilities inthis image are someofthemostbasic onesfoundduringaCyberPatriotcompetition. Even ifyoudoverywellwiththesevulnerabilities,youwillexperience greater difficultyas the seasonprogresses.TheREADMEfileonthe desktopin this imagemay bemore detailed than thoseyou seeduringthe competition.You willhavetouse yourownknowledge, notjustthe hints inthisfile,toachievea highscoreduringthe actualcompetition.Belowaretheanswers tothe problemsthatare beingscoredinthis image.Eachone includes informationonhowthe problemwas found(if applicable), howitwassolved,andwhy itis important froma cybersecurity standpoint.It is alsopossibleto lose pointsduringthe competition. Simple penaltiesthatmayarise are notedbelowthe answers.Therearemanywaystosolvesomeoftheproblemsbelow.This answer keyjustshowsonemethodineachcase.Coacheswill besent categoriesof vulnerabilitiesfollowingeach online round.
Answers
1)Forensics Question1Correct:8pts.•How doI findthisproblem?When you open an image, please read all the "Forensics Questions" thoroughly before modifying the image as you may change something that prevents you from answering the question correctly.There isa file onthe Desktophere named "Forensics Question1”.•How doI solvethisproblem?This question asks for you to decode a message sent by sbatesto abenjamin.The message is found in C:\Users\Public\Public Downloads\thisisaffinecode.txtand is encrypted using the Affine cipher with a=1 and b=3.To find the file, double click on the This PCicon on the Desktop and navigate to the file.You may use anonline decryption tool such as CyberChef to decrypt the message.  The answer is “Next Generation Cyber Warrior” (without quotes).Remember to Saveand close the file.•Why is fixingthis problem important?Computer forensics investigations often require the examiners to locate information within files and folders that may provide relevant evidence ina case.  This encoded message is an introduction to a simple techniquean adversary might use to evade being discovered.

2)ForensicsQuestion2Correct:8pts.•How doI findthisproblem?When you open an image, please read all the "Forensics Questions" thoroughly before modifying the image as you may change something that prevents you from answering the question correctly.There isa file onthe Desktophere named "Forensics Question2”.•How doI solvethisproblem?Adding multiple layers of security such as Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) is critical in reducing risk to your business. This question asks you to find one of the three MFA requirements not listed:-something you know (PIN or password)-something you have (smart card or security key)ANSWER: something you are•Why is fixingthis problem important?Modern cyberthreats require greater security beyond complex passwords.Multi-Factor Authentication shouldbeenforcedforall sensitive accounts and infrastructure. Remember to stayup to dateon CISA.govalerts, NIST.gov guidance, and perform data backups frequently.

3)Removed unauthorized user cfrazier:3pts.•How doI findthisproblem?One ofthefirstthings youshoulddowhen startinganimageduringa competitionis check the READMEfileonthe desktop.The authorized administrators and users listed in the READMEare the only users thatshouldexist on the system (aside from legitimate built-in system accounts and those used for services). All unauthorized user accounts should be removed.•How doI solvethisproblem?Press the Windows key+ R to open the Run dialog. In the Run dialog type lusrmgr.mscand press Enterto open the Local Users and Groups manager. Click Userson the left side of the window. Right click on cfrazierand select Delete. In the resulting dialog box click Yes to confirm that you want to delete the user.•Why is fixingthis problem important?Computer accessshouldbelimited tojustthosewho needtouseittocompletetheir tasks. Byleavingunauthorizeduser accountsonthe image,unauthorizedindividuals may beable tologontothe computer andmakechangesthatcouldaffectthesafetyandsecurityof legitimate users. Unauthorized user accounts also give adversaries a greater attack surface. For example, unauthorized user accounts increase the risk of having a user account compromised via password cracking.

4)Removed unauthorized user vecna:3pts.•How doI findthisproblem?One ofthefirstthings youshoulddowhen startinganimageduringa competitionis check the READMEfileonthe desktop.The authorized administrators and users listed in the READMEare the only users thatshouldexist on the system (aside from legitimate built-in system accounts and those used for services). All unauthorized user accounts should be removed.•How doI solvethisproblem?Press the Windows key+ R to open the Run dialog. In the Run dialog type lusrmgr.mscand press Enterto open the Local Users and Groups manager. Click Userson the left side of the window. Right click on vecnaand select Delete. In the resulting dialog box click Yes to confirm that you want to delete the user.•Why is fixingthis problem important?Computer accessshouldbelimited tojustthosewho needtouseittocompletetheir tasks. Byleavingunauthorizeduser accountsonthe image,unauthorizedindividuals may beable tologontothe computer andmakechangesthatcouldaffectthesafetyandsecurityof legitimate users. Unauthorized user accounts also give adversaries a greater attack surface. For example, unauthorized user accounts increase the risk of having a user account compromised via password cracking.

5)User bbradshawis not an administrator:3pts.•How doI findthisproblem?One ofthefirstthings youshoulddowhen startinganimageduringa competitionis check the README fileonthe desktop.The authorized administrators listed in the READMEare the only users thatare authorizedhave administrator level access. All users not in the list of authorized administrators should have their administrator level access removed.•How doI solvethisproblem?Press the Windows key+ R to open the Run dialog. In the Run dialog type lusrmgr.mscand press Enterto open the Local Users and Groups manager. Click Groupson the left side of the window. Double-click on Administratorsto open a Properties window. Select bbradshawand click Remove, then click OK to apply the changes and close the Properties window.•Why is fixingthis problem important?Administrator level access gives individuals the ability to modify critical system files and functions and should be limited to authorized individuals only. The more users with administrator level access, the higher your risk, since compromising an accountwith administrator level access gives an adversary complete control of the system.