---
id: 20250402113558
created_date: 20250402113558
updated_date: 20250402113558
type: daily-note
---

# 📅 2025-04-02
- **🏷️Tags** : #04-2025 #daily 
## ✅ Tasks
- [ ]  
## 🔗 Links
- 
## 🧠 Thoughts
- I need to start getting a basis for my speech soon. I am limited to a very short speech of about 2 minutes which will be timed and the admin will actively try and get me to shorten the length of if I go over. Megan from last year memorized her speech to be able to say more than he was entitled too. Nanami and Camila both felt that Craig and Trimble were trying to slander Megan for doing that as they specifically told her not to go over. I am not sure if they were or weren't trying to or not. 
- What will people say about my speech, will i be able to write something good enough to be remembered and not to corny i make myself a embarrasment. I still am excited to speak infront of everyon and i should probably try and practice probabely at Women studies club.
- We met with the entire top 10 today. I found it really funny how the kids lower on the list were the ones trying to take as much action and attention as they could. Not even me or Nanami or even Camila spoke as much as them. I would like to think its them trying to make themselves seem higher than they really are but I honestly dont mind I just found it kind of funny
- Mock Calc exam was interesting. I got a 22 out of 45 which sounds bad but I am kinda thinking that wasnt too bad as 14 of the questions were series and a ton more were content we havent learned either. I am not sure exactly why we had so many questions that were not covered yet. I guess to show us what the real exam really was going to look like and make sure we know what topics we need to cover. I made alot of stupid mistakes that i need to make sure i dont repeat like differenciating without doing the quotient rule,
- I miss having time to program. It is my hobby but I rarely have the time to devote to it wihtout feeling tired or having my arms hurt from not having them active in abit. i still struggle to form ideas to make. Maybe i should really start trying to create vieo games. Could be fun and i could send them to my friends for them to try out and just play and have fun.
- Im going to really start trying to make that bullet journal. I want my stress and anger level from school and time manangement to down and I keep hearing that bullet jounral or simply jounrally in general can help with that. I am currently trying to do that right now with this dialy note entry. Debating if this is material I want public so i may just put this entire folder int he gitignore file so not everyone can read it.
- 