We start out the novel with multiple letters from a captain of a boat. After some crashes, the crew sees some creature on the ice but do not find out what it is. The next day the crew takes up onto the ship a stranger who was searching after the strange creature. We are then begin to be told the story of the stranger

# Frankenstein
We are given a introdution to the man named Victor and his family as well as his life long companion Elizabeth, whom they adopted while on a trip. Victor later as he grows up, goes to educate himself in school and is told he is wasting his life studying incorrectly. He is trying to learn all of lifes mysteries as he is facinated by the wonders of the world and the secrets that are hidden.
He learned to create and animate life out of matter while he was studying and learning in college. He warns the listeners that he can nor share the secrets of how to create life for by the end of the tail we will understand the dangers of such actions and his mistakes
He gathered his materials from graves and tortured animals. He realizes he neglected many things such as friend's and family while he was on his journey of creating life.
He brings his creation to life and is horrified when it comes to him in the night and is looking over him as he sleeps.
He goes into the town and fears coming back home, and encounters Henry Clerval and they both come back to Victors apartment. They find no monster but Victor falls ill with a fever for several months. When he recovers, Henry gives Victor a letter from Elizabeth that came while he was ill.
The letter is concerns over Victors health and she wants him to write back to the family when he can.  A girl Justine Moritz comes to their home again (used to live with them) after her mother passed away.
Victor introduces henry to the professors but any time Victor speaks to a professor or sees chemical instruments, he feels the regret for creating his monster.
He returns home after recieveing a letter from his father saying that his youngest brother William was murdered. As he travels back, the gates to geneva is shut for the night and he walks through the woods and a mountain around the town where his brothers body was found. He sees a glimse of the monster he created and believes the monster killed his brother.
When he returns home finally, he finds out that Justine was accused of murdering him because a photo of Caroline which last was seen with William was found in the pocket of Justine. Victor tells that she is innocent but she is continued to be accused. She confesses to the crime and lies because she believes she will recieve salvaltion. Justine is executed soon after and Victor blames himself for the death of his brother and Justine.
Victor thought of killing himself over the situation but ended up not doing it. He is consumed with guilt.
The creation encounters his maker Victor and Victor tells him begone for he will destroy his creation for murdering his family. The monster tells him let him tell his story and treat him fairly without thinking badly of him at first. 
He tells of how when he was cr4ated he went into the forest and many homes trying to find cover from the elements but was met with fear and attacks from people who saw him, he hid in abandoned homes and huts until a human saw and drove him out.mhe saw a family who caree for each other and sang and ate together and wished to feel cared for like them
He wondered why the people sometimes felt sad and cried when they were better off then him. He realied they were poor siblings caring for their blind father. He began to do tasks for them in secret like gather wood or retu4ning tools he stole from them. They worked hard forneaxh other and the monster didn't want to make it worse for them, the monster had sympathy. He called them his fri3nds eve thought the have never spoke to each other. He thinks of waya of talking to the after learning and practicing their language but believes they will also be in fear of him.
